Update 0.62 description (#178)
react-native-community/releases: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.62.0

This major release includes Flipper support by default, improved dark mode support, moving AppleTV to react-native-tvos, and more. See the [blog](https://reactnative.dev/blog/2020/03/24/version-0.62) for all of the highlights.

> 

Author: Updated this to match the blog post.

> We’re releasing this version to respect the work of hundreds of contributors who made this release possible and to prevent the release from falling too far behind master. Please be mindful of the reduced capacity of contributors to help with issues and prepare to delay upgrading if necessary.

Author: ```suggestion
This release comes in the midst of a global pandemic. We’re releasing this version to respect the work of hundreds of contributors who made this release possible and to prevent the release from falling too far behind master. Please be mindful of the reduced capacity of contributors to help with issues and prepare to delay upgrading if necessary.
```

> 

Author: My thinking for removing this is that this is better provided in the issue we link to for upgrade issues. That way we can edit/expand the links or close the issues without the changelog either needing changed or being stale.

This also teaches people to go to those issues for help instead of going to the changelog.

What do you think  @kelset?

Reviewer: So the reason why we have been doing this kind of section for the last few 'minor' releases is that we have seen that out of the people upgrading, a significant number only check the changelog (or even only the release tab) before attempting an upgrade.

Because of that, in order to avoid 10s of issues reporting the same bug (because usually those people *also* don't check already opened issues) we have found that funnelling them straight from the changelog helps them towards the 'teaching' of being aware of the issue section.

In particular, for this version we have posted the links to those 2 because they are the two "flashiest" issues that have been reported and that are likely to create an emotional response (= going straight to the issue section and rage about).

So I'd prefer to keep this section in.

Reviewer 2: > This also teaches people to go to those issues for help instead of going to the changelog.

I think release notes are a good place to note known issues. (While a ‘change log’ isn’t strictly the same as release notes, the pragmatist in me prefers supporting people being successful in self-servicing their issue rather than being strict with semantics.) I get what you’re saying regarding the note becoming stale, but I think that’s less of a problem than the overhead of people **not** succeeding in finding these known workarounds and _all_ parties losing time in the end.

So I’m in favour of highlighting known issues that are bound to be reported on otherwise, but think the overall text can probably be reduced and elaborated on in the linked release issue.

Author: Makes sense, updated!

> If you're upgrading, manual intervention may be required for your app. Please see the [upgrade-helper](https://react-native-community.github.io/upgrade-helper/) for a detailed breakdown of the changes required and see [this issue](ADD) for help upgrading.

Author: TODO: need the issue created and linked here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're upgrading, manual intervention may be required for your app. Please see the [upgrade-helper](https://react-native-community.github.io/upgrade-helper/) for a detailed breakdown of the changes required and see [this issue](https://github.com/react-native-community/releases/issues/179) for help upgrading.
```
Created following your wording in the blogpost 👍

> If you're upgrading, manual intervention may be required for your app. Please see the [upgrade-helper](https://react-native-community.github.io/upgrade-helper/) for a detailed breakdown of the changes required and see [this issue](ADD) for help upgrading.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps more clear, re the above discussion about known issues?

```suggestion
If you're upgrading, manual intervention may be required for your app. Please see the [upgrade-helper](https://react-native-community.github.io/upgrade-helper/) for a detailed breakdown of the changes required and see [this issue](ADD) for known problems.
```

Author: Added

> If you're upgrading, manual intervention may be required for your app. Please see the [upgrade-helper](https://react-native-community.github.io/upgrade-helper/) for a detailed breakdown of the changes required and see [this issue](https://github.com/react-native-community/releases/issues/179) for help upgrading.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're upgrading, manual intervention may be required for your app. Please see the [upgrade-helper](https://react-native-community.github.io/upgrade-helper/) for a detailed breakdown of the changes required and see [this issue](https://github.com/react-native-community/releases/issues/179) for known issues.

Note two known issues with their corresponding workarounds:	
- [Release version instacrash on Android](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/28163)	
- [APK size increases after Gradle version bump](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/28330)
```

## v0.62.0

> This major release includes Flipper support by default, improved dark mode support, moving AppleTV to react-native-tvos, and more. See the [blog](https://reactnative.dev/blog/2020/03/24/version-0.62) for all of the highlights.

Author: ```suggestion
This major release includes Flipper support by default, improved dark mode support, moving Apple TV to react-native-tvos, and more. See the [blog post](https://reactnative.dev/blog/2020/03/24/version-0.62) for all of the highlights.
```
